The objective of this code is to develop an Artificial Neural Network for analysis of PIXE data of historical silver coins. The repository is organized in:
•	Information on the coins is given in the <publications> folder and in https://doi.org/10.1016/j.microc.2016.12.002.
•	The experimental data is in folder <experimental_data>. The folder also has the file <cal1.txt> with the energy calibration and an excel file with a list of the data files and information on line yields and derived concentrations.
•	A set of fortran routines for data augmentation in folder <data augmentation code>. This is in file <silver data augmentation source project 2025-04-18.zip>, which also includes the project files for the Intel Fortran Visual Studio Project.
•	The data augmentation routine works on the data provided in the <experimental_data> folder.
•	The output of the data augmentation routine is in files <silver data augmentation output j 00.zip> to <silver data augmentation output j 10.zip>, in folder <data augmentation code>. The options with which the routine was ran are given in the file <j_options.txt> contained in that zip.
•	A jupyter notebook for the ANN is in folder <ANN code>. It uses Pandas, Numpy and Tensorflow 2.2 libraries, and it is given in file <silver 2025-04-17 j ANN>. It uses as input some of the files contained in <silver data augmentation output j.zip>, namely <j_data_iiiii.dat> and <j_synth_iiiii.dat>, where iiiii is a five digit integer, <j_in_data.csv> and <j_out_data.csv>.
•	The output of the ANN, for the training set and the test set, are given in the files <train_j.xslx> and <test_j.xslx>, contained in file <silver 2025-04-17 j results.xslx>. Some data were not used in the training or testing at all, nevertheless the outputs of the ANN are calculated and are given in file <error_j.xslx>. Note that the training process uses random numbers, and each run of the code will produce slightly different results.
•	Different code versions and their output are organized by date. If a code version and a data file version have the same date, they correspond to the same version.
